add: rand window support respect|ignore nulls (#966)
datafuselabs/databend-docs: docs/en/sql-reference/20-sql-functions/08-window-functions/nth-value.md

import FunctionDescription from '@site/src/components/FunctionDescription';

<FunctionDescription description="Introduced: v1.2.568"/>

> Returns expr evaluated at the nth row (among rows with a non-null value of expr if `IGNORE NULLS` is set) of the window frame (counting from 1); NULL if no such row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns expr evaluated at the nth row (starting from 1), or NULL if the row does not exist at all.  If `IGNORE NULLS` is specified, the function ignores the rows with NULLs.
```
